Create opcua-1021-7-0-opc-ua-server-address-space-scan-enhancements.md (#3469)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/opcua-1021-7-0-opc-ua-server-address-space-scan-enhancements.md

---
date: ""

> title: OPC UA Server address space scan enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: OPC UA server address space scan enhancements
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-Tf05_KQ-B
    label: OPC UA
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-MLn0oFRX-
    label: opcua
ticket: DM-2039
version: 1021.7.0
---

> Introducing new advanced settings under OPC UA server configuration that provide the option to enable auto-scan with either full or partial address space scan capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New advanced settings have been introduced in the OPC UA server configuration that provide the option to enable auto-scan with either full or partial address space scan capabilities.
```
